and now we're gonna go into a new cycle
where everyone tries to pretend that
Bernie Sanders is not disqualified for
the job as president that he's not
disqualified for serving a term that
would end when he's in his mid 80s by
his heart condition but the fact that he
has had stents inserted where everyone's
gonna pretend that the surgical
insertion of stents into your heart is
no big deal because hey the word stent
is just one so long and all the scary
diseases have really long names in Greek
and Latin right and where everyone's
going to pretend that Bernie Sanders
diet that has now disqualified him for
president at States isn't a big deal
ethically isn't a big deal ecologic Lee
and isn't a big deal in terms of his
health in terms of yours and mine
presidential candidate Bernie Sanders
has called off campaigning for now after
a heart procedure
the Vermont senator is 78 he had chest
pains in Las Vegas on Tuesday and
doctors inserted two stents into a
blocked artery Bernie Sanders is someone
who would pledged 16 trillion u.s.
dollars of taxpayers money to improve
the environment to improve the world's
ecology 16 trillion but he's unwilling
to quit eating cows and pigs himself for
the sake of those same ecological
outcomes and you can't pretend he
doesn't know you can't pretend he's not
aware of the importance of the vegan
diet ecologically because he knows Al
Gore right he is much less than six
degrees of separation away from Al Gore
and Al Gore's very public commitment to
both ecology and the vegan diet within
the last 20 years of Bernie Sanders
career in politics that's kind of been a
big deal within the Democrat Party
tonight say it's America and you know
who else he's within six degrees of
separation of Bill Clinton
he's Bernie Sanders is directly seen in
the transformation in Bill Clinton's
appear
and Bill Clinton's very public
endorsement of the effects of the vegan
diet for his health I went on
essentially a plant-based diet I live on
beans legumes vegetables fruit I drink a
protein supplement every morning no
dairy
I drink almond milk mixed in with fruit
and a protein powder so I get the
protein through the day when I start the
day out and it changed my whole
metabolism and I lost 24 pounds and I
got back to basically what I weighed in
high school so I did all this research
and I saw that 82% of the people since
1986 who have gone on a plant-based no
dairy no meat no chicken I eat very
little fish once in a while I'll have
one fish not often if you can do it
eighty-two percent of the people who've
done that have begun to heal themselves
their arterial blockage cleans up the
calcium deposit around their heart
breaks up this movement has been led by
a doctor named Caldwell Esselstyn at
Cleveland Clinic Dean Ornish and you
know in California
the doctors Campbell father and son I
wrote the China Study and a handful of
others but we now have 25 years of
evidence and so I thought well since I
need to lose a little weight for
Chelsea's wedding I'll become part of
this experiment and look it's even worse
if you're willing to consider Bernie
Sanders diet ethics and ecology in the
context of his actual policy positions
I think this YouTube channel I think I
myself am the only person in the media
if he could be described as being in the
media to cover the fact that Bernie
Sanders supports the beef industry and
supports the dairy industry in a manner
that he would consider corrupt himself
if he were criticizing the Republican
Party of doing the same things so Bernie
Sanders has been in a deeply morally
self-contradictory position on this
issue in terms of his own diet in terms
of the public policy he's endorsing in
terms of the connections between him and
both the
Deary and the beef industry and nobody
cared nobody cared until it almost
killed him and guess what the stents the
surgery has just undergone it really
will discredit him in the public eye
he admits himself in his book that his
health and his old age were a major
reason why he didn't win against Hillary
Clinton just so many years ago it'll be
a major reason why he won't win now
partly because so many of the potential
voters are themselves elderly they know
what stents mean they know how
debilitated this guy is they know how
incapable he is a holding the job of
president for eight years and how
whirring it would beat up in the role of
president for four years and it all
comes down to a stupid selfish refusal
to not be vegan when Al Gore and Bill
Clinton had already showed him how it's
done and I know what you're thinking
you're thinking well we've still got
Elizabeth Warren that Elizabeth Warren
looks like she eats a healthy diet mmm
nope on the campaign trail you were said
to have been an aficionado of fast food
across the Commonwealth and I'm
wondering whether as US Senator you
still occasionally indulge in the Mickey
D's or Taco Bell yep yep keep going do
you have a sometimes we do Chipotle
really really good but yeah in fact I
could probably close my eyes and recite
most of the McDonald's menu you know I
think fast food is actually a a good
thing it is dependable you know it's
going to be there you're going to get
those calories and be ready to go I'm
I'm for it and no matter how miserable
life is is made better by french fries
with salt
I don't think anyone would be opposed to
that sentiment
[Music]